[Docs] Add readme for inferentia example (#4024)
skypilot-org/skypilot: examples/aws-neuron/README.md

```bash
$ ENDPOINT=$(sky status aws-inf --endpoint 9000)
$ curl http://$ENDPOINT/v1/chat/completions \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
      "model": "meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "system",
          "content": "You are a helpful assistant."
        },
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": "Who are you?"
        }
      ],
      "stop_token_ids": [128009, 128001]
    }'
{"id":"chat-0631550312c143d88ca6d477d0df6c2c","object":"chat.completion","created":1727751137,"model":"meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct","choices":[{"index":0,"message":{"role":"assistant","content":"I'm a helpful assistant! I","tool_calls":[]},"logprobs":null,"finish_reason":"length","stop_reason":null}],"usage":{"prompt_tokens":25,"total_tokens":32,"completion_tokens":7},"prompt_logprobs":null}
```

## Using multiple accelerator choices

SkyPilot support the multiple resources feature, i.e. you can specify multiple accelerator choices in the YAML. You can also use Neuron accelerators or Nvidia GPUs in the same YAML file. Here is an example (See `multi-accelerator.yaml`):

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Let's keep this in a details box to fold it?
```
<details>

<summary>Example YAML for multiple accelerators.</summary>

</details>
```

Author: Done! PTAL again

```bash
$ sky launch -c aws-inf inferentia.yaml --env HF_TOKEN=hf_xxx
```

To send an example request to the model, you can use the following command:

```bash
$ ENDPOINT=$(sky status aws-inf --endpoint 9000)
$ curl http://$ENDPOINT/v1/chat/completions \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
      "model": "meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "system",
          "content": "You are a helpful assistant."
        },
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": "Who are you?"
        }
      ],
      "stop_token_ids": [128009, 128001]
    }'
{"id":"chat-0631550312c143d88ca6d477d0df6c2c","object":"chat.completion","created":1727751137,"model":"meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct","choices":[{"index":0,"message":{"role":"assistant","content":"I'm a helpful assistant! I","tool_calls":[]},"logprobs":null,"finish_reason":"length","stop_reason":null}],"usage":{"prompt_tokens":25,"total_tokens":32,"completion_tokens":7},"prompt_logprobs":null}
```

## Using multiple accelerator choices

> SkyPilot support the multiple resources feature, i.e. you can specify multiple accelerator choices in the YAML. You can also use Neuron accelerators or Nvidia GPUs in the same YAML file. Here is an example (See `multi-accelerator.yaml`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify multiple resources in a task YAML to allow SkyPilot to find the cheapest available resources for you. Specifically, you can specify both Neuron accelerators and Nvidia GPUs in the same YAML file. Here is an example (See [multi-accelerator.yaml](./multi-accelerator.yaml)):
```
